basically yeah and I'm going to be doing
the cheese challenge because I got dirty
one of my friend barri too and yeah when
you do by myself once got to run it go
far I couldn't find you girls pepper
they won Skrillex Miller there one
scotch bonnet perform and I traced the
wreck up the water not what just say so
here we go
I'm so scared man let's get him don't
have to do it get it together I'm so
scared
okay here again I'm just going to do it
now just gonna do
still here still hold on it oh he's so
scared okay I'm gonna do it now I'm
gonna do when she say
he could be site no dirt Lawson
I
oh my god crime
ah
oh we're good you know I decide what I
went for yet this ain't even the ghost
pepper and it's so bad are able to hire
guys for fun I'm crying Bob do you see
this I'm crying it is so bad about it
still on file yeah kill each other